Hello everyone and welcome to the fourth and final recursion interview problem the coin change problem
.
A quick note before we begin this problem has multiple solutions and it's actually a very classic problem
and.
It's classic because it shows some issues of basic recursion.
So if you're having trouble with this problem or it seems to be taking a long time to run in certain
cases really check out the solution notebook and fully read the conclusion link for a detailed description
of the various ways to solve this problem and then something to note that this problem is actually Classique
are common enough it's famous enough that actually has its own Wikipedia entry.
So I've linked it here for you.
So if you go ahead and click that link it'll take you to the Wikipedia page which is right here and
that says the change making problem and it's a knapsack type of problem.
Depending on how it's asked.
But you can go ahead and check it out here.
Check out the mathematics behind it.
Probably then check out the pseudo code until you've had a good stab at it yourself.
OK so let's go to and look at the problem statement.
In this particular version what we're gonna say is given a target amount n and a list of distinct coin
values or an array of distinct coin values was the fewest coins needed to make the change amounts.
So for example if I say N equals 10.
Your target and then coins your the nominations are 1 5 and 10.
There's four possible ways to make change here.
You can have 10 ones of five and then five ones two fives and 10.
So the minimum amount of coins you need is one coin ten dime.
OK so in this case I want you to implement your solution below here.
I just have a simple recursion solution set up so it takes in that target and then that lists of coins
right now has pass but you pass in the target and the coins and you'll get the minimum amount of coins
used.
It should be noted that there's other versions of this problem that ask you different things such as
Instead of asking what's the minimum amount of coins.
They may ask you how many kinds of how many possible ways are do to make change so they may be looking
for this answer for possible ways instead of the minimum amount.
Right now we're focusing on the minimum amount because of its simplistic implications of dynamic programming
and memorization.
So the reason this is the last recursion into the problem is because it's one of the tougher ones.
If you approach it through a straight recursive mindset you should really think about dynamic programming
and memorization.
So again note the test cases here in this test cell is only going to test with two parameter inputs
.
The target and the list of coins if you decided to use some sort of cash.
And that's a third argument in your solution.
This clearly won't work because your solution here as far as a test cases is long and take into arguments
.
So if you're not dynamic function is taking a long time to test and you believe you have a solution
you should go check the solution notebook instead of really running the cell.
All right.
So again extra.
Best of luck.
Remember to read the solution book for this.
Once you think you have a solution the next lecture will be discussed in a notebook.
It's a lot to read so it's going to be in a last homework assignment for this recursion section to fully
read the Wikipedia entry and the entire notebook that really dives into this coin change problem.
Because this is actually going to serve not just as an interview question but a real learning example
of dynamic programming memorization recursion and really wrap up this section in a great way for you
to learn everything we've learned in this section.
So really go over all those topics.
OK so that's it.
Best of luck with the coin change problem once you think you've had a good stab at it and have your
own solution.
Go ahead and go to the next lecture where we're going to discuss and go over everything we learn in
this section.
All right thanks everyone.
Best of luck.